It was a cold and nice Puja evening in the nursing home in Agartala, Tripura- A small North-Eastern state in India. Intense moment for the man of the family.
The young girl had mixed emotions- "Should I be jealous? Should I be excited?", she thought. Well, very natural of her, as her brother just saw the light of the world and cried his heart out since that warmth, that darkness which was all what knew was taken away from him.
It was October the 23rd in the year 1999, a day before some sort of destruction took place (about which I don't remember and is totally unrelated).
Born prematurely and weak, his parents had full faith in themselves and made sure that their child will survive.
This is the third child to the couple, and the first son who is alive.

He grew up like a normal kid, although tinier than the bunch, liked tweaking things, mostly a loner. Had been denied opportunities for his physique, well, opportunities like being the captain of the "Gali Cricket team".
He took a dump on his pants in his Kindergarten, making him the laughter hotspot for quite a few days. His first experience being an tweak-er was in his nursery school where a took a broken watch of his father and started experimentation on it, in a very scientific way he started- "Taloshio Pekshu Mishu Glox", he was speaking English! Well, at least he thought he was. He sat down with two friends, took a pencil out of his pencil box, used as a screwdriver, used a ruler for some other scientific thing he was doing, the rest of the world was laughing at him, he didn't really care. Being a kid has its advantages, especially if you like talking to yourself. He was talking to himself all around, all the time, he didn't really had a social identity yet, so he had nothing to protect and just be himself. He liked making things.

He comes from a Bengali family based in Tripura, India. His sister, 10 years older than him, is a hidden force behind him which he always hated and loved at the same time. His parents, both government employees- worked hard enough to ensure a future for their children. His father was mostly away due to work, his sister being very older than him, went to college and he spent most of his childhood with his mother. His mother? A very strong woman, who made sure that her overly messy kid doesn't land into some sort of trouble, worked day and night- at home, at office. He spent most of his free time figuring out how to run video games. He finally figured it out in his fourth grade when he clicked the little "Open" option popping up with the right click, which he was always scared of. Weird kid. He witnessed his house getting robbed, but didn't know that it was a robbery until the Police came along and arrested the theif, which could have nearly killed him if he hadn't asked for her permission to go to his aunt's house.

He joined in an all-boys school in his 4th grade, and two years later he figured- He actually doesn't know how to talk to girls. Welcome to adolescence! Tiny and shy, he always ran away from situations involving girls of his own age. Two years back, girls were the most boring and somewhat hated things he hated in life, sudden turn around, magical! He occupied himself with other cooler things like gaming. He started wondering about how to make games, how to make things work, and he landed into the world of programming. He made google his best friend, Stackoverflow, Github- experiences. Although he was thoroughly bullied at school by his classmates, he continued with his thing and voila, it landed him to places his friends could only imagine. He started building things which his "friends" thought was rocket science. Somewhere in the middle, the hormones had to strike and he fell in "love", or he thought he did. He lost friends along the way, went to low-social mode. Also started hating the Indian Education system which restricts him from learning what he wants to learn and forced him to learn things he never cared about. He was heavily discouraged from developing software by his peers, teachers, parents, the only thing he felt good about and was good at. Well, things changed, he got into an university studying Computer Science, earned a girl who actually thinks alike, not just for looks, for he found out that compatibility is the first thing one should look for in a partner.

And now? He is writing this piece of text about himself and pressing C-x C-s to save it as "IAmTalkingAboutMyself.md".

